Intro: This soundscape is meant to represent the nightlife of Pittsburgh. Specifically, the setting will take place in the Strip District. This prominent night scene features restaurants, lounges, bars, nightclubs, and most importantly, miniature golf. The highlight of this area for me is Puttshack, an indoor miniature golf course with a bar and restaurant inside. I tried to capture the moment I first went inside of Puttshack. The night started at a familiar bar nearby with some drinks, but when we left to walk home we couldn’t help but notice the fancy lights, music, and crowd inside this place we had never seen before. Upon walking in, you are immediately hit with the noise, this was a popular location. We grabbed another drink and signed up for a game of golf. The holes are wacky, with unique designs that the average person likely has never seen before. They used trapdoors and moving obstacles along with penalty zones and bonuses. Everything made a signature noise that lit the experience up after each shot. After finishing the game, we went home and had one more drink before calling it a night.

Reflection: As I was completing the soundscape, I discovered truly how much it takes to get audio to sound the way you want it to. Despite the vision you have in your head, making these clips become the vision is a challenging feat. My biggest challenge was noise canceling, as the noises I needed could only be replicated at the course and Puttshack is always busy. However, the use of crossfading helped me try to keep the background noise as consistent as possible. When I would record a certain noise the song playing in the building would be different, for example. The music is always loud, so it was hard for me to manage that along with the crowd without drowning out the noise I wanted. I ended up having to go back a second time and rerecord nearly everything after the peer review. It is almost completely different except for the beginning because I had an idea of what to avoid on the second attempt. Outside pinpointing the sounds themselves, it was a matter of arranging them to sound as similar to miniature golf holes as possible.